Here I'll put ideas I don't want to forget about the content of our webpage

1.) A brief introduction to ux/ui and its purpose. 

2.) The webpage will be split into two sections. The first category will be written about the all 
different disabilities assigned. 

3.) The second section will be about how each disability affects someone 
and what we can do to help them.

4.) A conclusion about why it's important for ux/ui to support people with disabilities. 
How we can help people this way. What we can do to spread awareness.



note from Cedar:
I think we should divide each section into subsections--so like, in the first category, the overarching section could be 'an overview of
types of disabilities that require accommodations in UX/UI' and then within that there'd be a section for each category of disability,
since there's four categories overall
and then that trend continues, with 'how these disabilities affect people' also being split into four subsections for each category of
disability, and then accommodations that help websites be more accessible for each category of disability


Overview of Disabilities

Visual Impairments
This includes people who have problems with sight and struggle with being able to navigate a website with visual impairement. A person who is blind has no way to read
the page and its contents. Color blindness can also impede with progression and understanding. Glaucoma, cataracts, and retinopathy are also included in visual impairements.

Hearing Impairments
People who are deaf, hard of hearing, or have an auditory processing disorder all have the challenge of listening to information that is provided from the internet.
They rely on subtitles and closed captions on music and videos.

Motor skill impairements
This impairement has a long list of disability names that include ADHD, Parkinson's Disease, Amputees, and to tremors and lack of motor control. There are multiple ways
change a ux/ui to accomodate these disabilites.

Cognitive impairements
Learning disabilities, mental illness, and developmental issues are certainly overlooked when creating an ux/ui.



How People are Affected and How to Help

Visual Impairments
Text to speach, hovering the cursor over text or videos should be trigger an audible voice that tells you what you're hovering over.
A keyboard might be the most useful tool to take advantage from. Keyboard shortcuts should be included in the website's interface in order to
easily navigate. A text label should be provided because a description of the link you're going to click will inform you of the basic information of where
you are and where you want to go. All text should be clear against the background of the webpage, the font-size of a body of text should be 12-16 pixels with 
font-spacing at least 25% of the font-size. The ability to lighten and darken colors to increase the contrast between them will help with peopole who are 
colorblind and/or contrast loss.


Hearing Impairments
There should be summaries of the videos and topics, transcripts of audio content, to not include
auto-play on videos, and easy access to audio options. Subtitles (closed caption) should be required on videos. If it is not manually entered, it should have an option to auto-generate 
closed captions by translating the sound into text. Videos that do not support either of these ideas should at the very least include a summary or a description of what the video is about. 
Auto-generated close captions, subtitles, and description boxes can also be said for audio player. In headings, paragraphs, and lists it is  important to structer content as simply as possible. 
Well structured information helps people decide whether to engage with content, and can help stem information overload.

Motor skill impairements
There should be a remappable option for keyboard shortcuts available. An outline feature button or 
links should be enabled. Touch functions are very important and should have simple interface. Tooltips, drop down menus, and pop ups should be 
dismissable without moving the mouse. Added content can display on top of other information using magnification and can be hard to dismiss without the mouse or changing focus.
An example of this would to remap the keyboard or use the escape button. Users should have an option to turn off motion triggers. Some content is only displayed when the mouse pointer
is hovering over to trigger an element and disappears when the mouse moves off the trigger. For people with tremors or limited movement this can be very difficult and frustrating. To fix this,
content must stay visible at all times, even if the mouse moves onto new content, until the user dismisses it.

Cognitive impairements
Using common everyday words with short sentences and paragraphs, displaying videos, and text to speech. 
There should be clear instructions and a bar to show the progress that's been made. Error messages that appear should have clear instructions.
Clear, colorful images can help along with direct messaging. Captchas shouldn't too difficult or confusing. Avoid using a time limit. Web designers should always try to deliver content in more than
one way inlucding text-to-speech, videos, and transcripts. Minimize distractions by not including unnexcessary content. Ads can pop out and bait-to-click you when scrolling through, if possible use
a specific area of the website to put an ad. Elements that move, blink, scroll, or auto-update should have an option to be paused, hidden, stopped, or controlled.
